xref formatting fix in Managing automation content guide (#2874)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/hub/proc-deploying-your-system-for-container-signing.adoc

= Deploying your system for container signing

> To deploy your system so that it is ready for container signing, first ensure that you have link:{URLContainerizedInstall}/aap-containerized-installation#enabling-automation-hub-collection-and-container-signing_aap-containerized-installation[enabled automation content collection and container signing]. Then you can create a signing script, or xref:adding-an-execution-environment[add and sign an {ExecEnvShort}] manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your system so that it is ready for container signing, first ensure that you have link:{URLContainerizedInstall}/aap-containerized-installation#enabling-automation-hub-collection-and-container-signing_aap-containerized-installation[enabled automation content collection and container signing]. 
Then you can create a signing script, or
managing-containers-hub#adding-an-execution-environment
link:{URLHubManagingContent}/managing-containers-hub#adding-an-execution-environment[add and sign an {ExecEnvShort}] manually.
```

> To deploy your system so that it is ready for container signing, first ensure that you have link:{URLContainerizedInstall}/aap-containerized-installation#enabling-automation-hub-collection-and-container-signing_aap-containerized-installation[enabled automation content collection and container signing]. Then you can create a signing script, or xref:proc-adding-an-execution-environment[add and sign an {ExecEnvShort}] manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your system so that it is ready for container signing, first ensure that you have link:{URLContainerizedInstall}/aap-containerized-installation#enabling-automation-hub-collection-and-container-signing_aap-containerized-installation[enabled automation content collection and container signing]. Then you can create a signing script, or xref:adding-an-execution-environment[add and sign an {ExecEnvShort}] manually.
```

Reviewer: The ID in the xref was causing a build failure: it should be xref:adding-an-execution-environment
